Name:     Yinji Lu
Login:    cs8bjf
File name:   README
Date:   May 24th 2015




Program Description:
   
                            Overall:


Gui2048:
This project is to help player of game 2048 to visualize the game when playing
so that user will have a more direct impression on what is going on in the game
Moreover, this game will enable user to be able to see the color changing, the
score changing and the tile value changing along the game. In this game, user
will only need to use arrow key to control the movement of the tile and when 
they want to save the game board to a file so that they can access the board
they leave behind, they only need to press s. When the game over, there will
be a screen on which it says game over. At that point, user won't be able to
move any tiles anymore and the game is over. User use up arrow key to move the
tile up, down to move the tile down, left to move the tile left and right to 
move the tile to the right. The score user obtained will be based on the value
of the newly combined tiles. Only tiles with the same value will be combined 
together and the tiles on the edge will have priority when it comes to combine


Gui2048.java:
This file contains the main information about this game. It includes the 
information about the color of the tiles and the value that will be displayed
on the board

Direction.java:
This file contains the information about the direction that user can use to 
move



Short Response:

1.:%s/foo/bar/g
  :%s/foo/bar/

2.mkdir -p fooDir/barDir

3.ls *.java
  This would display all files in the current directory with the java 
  extension

4.gvim -p *.java

5.static means it is a class method. When invoking a static(class)method, user
should just type ClassName.methodName(parameter) and inside the method, there
should not be any place you can access runtime object. Like Math.abs(int)

6.She should not just write one class. Instead she should use hirachy to write
super class and subclasses. She can write shape as a super class that has the
general features of different shapes such as shape. For subclass, she can just
write specific shapes such as circle, rectangle, and squares. Inside each of 
the subclass, she can write the draw method, which will take color and size,
for example, as input. Based on the input, the method will draw different 
shape of different color. This way it will be much more efficient and clear
than if she only writes one class.
